Disable `use-forwarded-headers` by default (#270)
giantswarm/nginx-ingress-controller-app: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> This release contains a potential breaking change in case you are using and relying on the configuration setting `use-forwarded-headers`. From now on the default value will change to `false`. When you need this to be true override this in your customized values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release contains a potential breaking change in case you are using and relying on the configuration setting [`use-forwarded-headers`](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/configmap/#use-forwarded-headers). From now on the default value will change to `false`. In case you're relying on this feature, you'll need override this in your customized values like this:

    configmap:
        use-forwarded-headers: "true"

```
